Added new setting to client buffer, eps_timeframe (#5975)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/client-buffer.rst

Specifies the number of events that can be sent to the manager per second.

+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 500                                                                  |
+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | **Allowed values** | Any number between 0 and 100000. Zero to disable the functionality.  |

Reviewer: This can be confusing since users can understand that the buffer is disabled. I think it is better to include a note where explain that setting 0 EPS means that the buffer is still working but it will dispatch events as fast as possible.

Author: Done

+--------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+

eps_timeframe
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Indicates the time interval (in seconds) in which the events per second will be limited.

Reviewer: This setting is difficult to explain but I think we can improve this description.
```suggestion
Defines the time interval (in seconds) in which the maximum number of events sent is defined by `events_per_second`. 
```

+--------------------+----------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 500                              |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any number between 0 and 100000. |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+

.. note::

> 	Setting this option to 0 will remove the limit of events per second, allowing the maximum event sending rate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	Setting this option to 0 removes the limit of events per second, allowing the maximum event sending rate.
```

Author: Done

eps_timeframe
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Defines the time interval (in seconds) used to restore the number of events available for sending. This setting does not change the events per second on average. Every ``eps_timeframe`` seconds, a total of ``eps_timeframe`` x ``events_per_seconds`` events are sent before waiting for the new interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines the time interval in seconds used to restore the number of events available for sending. This setting does not change the events per second on average. Every ``eps_timeframe`` seconds, a total of ``eps_timeframe`` x ``events_per_seconds`` events are sent before waiting for the new interval.
```

Author: Done

+--------------------+----------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 1                                |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any number between 1 and 3600.   |
+--------------------+----------------------------------+

> Default configuration

Reviewer 2: Should we include the new setting `eps_timeframe` in the default configuration?

Reviewer: No, this setting is not included by default.
